Update deploy-environments.md to add explicit mention of EAT in deployment connections (#4881)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/deploy-environments.md

This section determines the exact location in your warehouse dbt should target when building warehouse objects! This section will look a bit different depending on your warehouse provider.

> For all warehouses, use [extended attributes](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#extended-attributes) to override missing or greyed-out settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all warehouses, use [extended attributes](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#extended-attributes) to override missing or inactive (grayed-out) settings.
```
